Adds info about watchtowers to the security page and glossary (#798)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/glossary/index.md

[Read more]({{ "/guide/glossary/wallet" | relative_url }})

### Watchtower

> Services that monitor lightning nodes for [fraudulent channel closes](https://wiki.ion.radar.tech/tech/channels/channel-closing#fraudulent-force-close). If one occurs, they broadcast a [penalty transaction](https://river.com/learn/terms/p/penalty-transaction/). For design guidance, see the [security page]({{ "/guide/daily-spending-wallet/security/#preventing-theft-when-offline" | relative_url }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lightning [service]({{ "/guide/how-it-works/lightning-service-providers/#watchtowers" | relative_url }}) that monitors lightning nodes for [fraudulent channel closes](https://wiki.ion.radar.tech/tech/channels/channel-closing#fraudulent-force-close). If one occurs, they broadcast a [penalty transaction](https://river.com/learn/terms/p/penalty-transaction/). They sometimes take a small fee for offering this service. For design guidance on using Watchtowers in your application, see the [security page]({{ "/guide/daily-spending-wallet/security/#preventing-theft-when-offline" | relative_url }}).
```
